chore(curriculum): add spam filter workshop to new cert (#56801)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-spam-filter/6421f98f4999d1179ce37cb4.md

---
id: 6421f98f4999d1179ce37cb4
title: Step 11
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

> Arrays have a `.some()` method. Like the `.filter()` method, `.some()` accepts a callback function which should take an element of the array as the argument. The `.some()` method will return `true` if the callback function returns `true` for at least one element in the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrays have a `some()` method. Like the `filter()` method, `some()` accepts a callback function which should take an element of the array as the argument. The `some()` method will return `true` if the callback function returns `true` for at least one element in the array.
```

Here is an example of a `.some()` method call to check if any element in the array is an uppercase letter.

```js
const arr = ["A", "b", "C"];
arr.some(letter => letter === letter.toUpperCase());
```

> Use the `.some()` method to check if testing your `msg` on any of your `denyList` regular expressions returns `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `isSpam()` function to use the `some()` method, which will check if testing `msg` against any of the regular expressions in `denyList` returns `true`." 
```
